Update API.md (#3066)
video-dev/hls.js: docs/API.md

(default 1)

> number of segments needed to start a playback of Live stream. Playback will begin after N chunks regardless of ```liveSyncDurationCount``` - if you want playback to be ```liveSyncDurationCount``` chunks from the live edge at the beginning of a stream, set this to ```liveSyncDurationCount``` or higher.

Reviewer: It might sense to specify buffering or loading of segments rather than simply saying "playback":

```suggestion
number of segments needed to start a playback of Live stream. Buffering will begin after N chunks are available in the current playlist. If you want playback to begin `liveSyncDurationCount` chunks from the live edge at the beginning of a stream, set `initialLiveManifestSize` to `liveSyncDurationCount` or higher.
```
